Additional caveats for by-XXX paths (#301)
openzfs/openzfs-docs: docs/Project and Community/FAQ.rst

      may apply depending on the naming method employed.
   -  Example: ``zpool create tank mirror A1 B1 mirror A2 B2``

-  **/dev/disk/by-uuid/:** Not a great option
  -   Summary: One might think from the use of "UUID" that this would
      be an ideal option - however, in practice, this ends up listing
      one device per **pool** ID, which is not very useful for importing
      pools with multiple disks.

-  **/dev/disk/by-partuuid/**/**by-partlabel:** Great for existing pools

>   -   Summary: Entries per partition unique identifier, great! 

Reviewer: This wording looks a little less strict for documentation purposes, as for non-native humble me.

What do you think about:
```
-  **/dev/disk/by-partuuid/**/**by-partlabel:** Works only for existing partitions

  -   Summary: partition UUID is generated on it's creation, so usage is limited
  -   Drawbacks: you can't refer to a partition unique ID on
      an unpartitioned disk for ``zpool replace``/``add``/``attach``,
      and you can't find failed disk easily without a mapping written
      down ahead of time.
```

> -  **/dev/disk/by-partuuid/**/**by-partlabel:** Great for existing pools
>   -   Summary: Entries per partition unique identifier, great! 
>   -   Drawbacks: ...except you can't refer to a partition unique ID on
>       an unpartitioned disk for ``zpool replace``/``add``/``attach``,
>       now can you? Also not useful if you didn't have a mapping written
>       down ahead of time if you need to figure out which disk failed later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **/dev/disk/by-partuuid/**/**by-partlabel:** Works only for existing partitions

  -   Summary: partition UUID is generated on it's creation, so usage is limited
  -   Drawbacks: you can't refer to a partition unique ID on
      an unpartitioned disk for ``zpool replace``/``add``/``attach``,
      and you can't find failed disk easily without a mapping written
      down ahead of time.
```
